docs: document systemcrypto experiment removal (#2337)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/MigrationGuide.md

## Enable `systemcrypto`

> Starting with Go 1.25 on Linux and Windows, and Go 1.26 on macOS, `systemcrypto` is enabled by default on supported platforms.

Reviewer: Same unclear combination as AdditionalFeatures.md

> Most projects don't need to set anything to enable it.

Reviewer: Most? How would a project set something to enable it, or see that they need to? Not sure this uncertainty is needed. Or is this referring to build errors?

Starting with Go 1.27, `systemcrypto` is no longer a `GOEXPERIMENT` setting.

> Remove `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` and `GOEXPERIMENT=nosystemcrypto` from build scripts when moving to Go 1.27 or later; the go command rejects both because system crypto is selected automatically on supported platforms and disabled with `MS_GO_NOSYSTEMCRYPTO=1`.

Reviewer: Wording seems odd and rambles a little, maybe replace with link to FIPS doc and/or the later section in this doc about disabling?

> [!NOTE]
> In Go 1.26, there is a cgo-less experiment available for Linux: `ms_nocgo_opensslcrypto`.

> > In Go 1.27 and later, this behavior is part of `systemcrypto` and is selected automatically when cgo is disabled on a supported Linux architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> In Go 1.27 and later, cgo-less behavior is part of `systemcrypto` and is selected automatically when cgo is disabled on a supported Linux architecture.
```

>
> For more details, see [cgo-less OpenSSL Backend](NocgoOpenSSL.md).

When building a Go program that imports a `crypto` package (or has a dependency that imports a `crypto` package), the build will check that the build environment and target are compatible with the crypto backend being used.
If it's incompatible, the build will fail with an error like the above.

> In Go 1.26 and earlier, targeting Linux with `systemcrypto` usually requires cgo unless the `ms_nocgo_opensslcrypto` experiment is enabled.

Reviewer: Avoid corner case of having systemcrypto enabled without using any crypto code: "using" more strongly implies crypto calls:

```suggestion
In Go 1.26 and earlier, using `systemcrypto` on Linux requires cgo unless the `ms_nocgo_opensslcrypto` experiment is enabled.
```

The earlier paragraph also mentions importing `crypto` packages.

Cgo is disabled by default on some platforms or when a C compiler is not detected.
Sometimes a project's build scripts might explicitly disable cgo.

In this case, you should first try upgrading to Go 1.27 or later.

> If you need or want the cgo-based OpenSSL backend, install a C compiler, like `gcc`.

Reviewer: Some projects require specific Gos, unfortunately:

```suggestion
If you need or want the cgo-based OpenSSL backend or the pre-1.27 Go version, install a C compiler, like `gcc`.
```

go.exe: unknown GOEXPERIMENT systemcrypto
```

In Go 1.27 or later, the Microsoft build of Go reports a different error for the same obsolete build setting:

```

> GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto has been removed; system crypto is enabled automatically on supported platforms and can be disabled with MS_GO_NOSYSTEMCRYPTO=1

Reviewer: This seems like a distinct problem from unknown GOEXPERIMENT systemcrypto with a very different cause and solution. A new section makes more sense to me.
